// Week 2
Formed our team of 4 - 'Undergrads'. We all decided to do project 3 and went
over some basic ideas on how the website would be structured, development
tools and also delegated roles and who would be focusing on which areas. I 
agreed to work on the front end with Jasper and while also being responsible
for tying the front and back ends together once they are both functional.
For the proposal I was delegated with the Aim and also assisting with Epics
and Project Methodology.

// Week 3
Completed the Aim for the proposal and wrote up the Final Epics selection 
after discussions with the team. Further refinement of our vision for our 
project, we are proceeding with a bidding concept and a minimalist UI design.

// Week 4
Started drawing up storyboards for each page with Jasper, some concerns over 
how we would resolve multiple listings for multiple rooms in one property - 
ultimately decided on having a single listing for a property with sub-listings
within. Found some images which are suitable as a background for the homepage.
Pair programmed with Jasper for the homepage which is now almost complete; the
text colour needs to be adjusted and search autocomplete needs to be done. I 
will need to look into obtaining a Google Maps API key which will then allow us
to integrate location autocomplete into our search bar. 

// Week 5
Continued working on homepage with Jasper - MVP is completed and it is up to
the refinement stages now. Started working on the dashboard page but that has
been put on hold due to the back-end moving ahead of schedule and more issues 
with the design of the listing page. Started working on the property listing 
page which is about 60% complete for the MVP.

// Week 6
Continued progress on the property listing page. Refactored a large portion of
the code for clarity and consistency with the other pages due to a decision to
restyle the visuals. Started working on search page to add the search bar at
the top and also to have filters working. 

// Week 7
Results page just about complete with mobile responsive filters, few more minor
tweaks to reposition elements and it can be finalised. Removed the calendar 
from all the pages as date is no longer to be used. Results and listing pages
will need to be finalised ASAP for backend integration and work to start on the
dashboard next week.

// Week 8
Worked with Ed to link the front and back end for the filtering functionality.
Prototyped the Dashboard and all the required pages, group decision to use 
separate pages for now and incorporate dynamic page content switching as a 
possible extension. Few issues with the search bar and filters on the pages as
a result of merging the front and back end together which need to be addressed.